REGULAR HISTORIANS SHOWING THEIR WORK VS. DIGITAL HISTORIANS SHOWING THEIR WORK

This was a very interesting question for me to look at, because at first, I wasn't really sure. I believed that showing your work was just that, and there were no differentiations or modifications to be made. However, after looking at James Baker's two articles regarding the digital history that made it into his book and that which didn't my opinion changed. "Showing your work" has many more different meanings for a digital historian than it would for a normal historian. Not to say that one is more difficult or important than the other, but I myself am minoring in the latter and I can now see what James Baker means, and most likely what the purpose of doing these readings is. I have written many history papers in the past, and showing my work was imperative. Typically, I would do research, reference it or quote it, cite it, and draw conclusions from it. This is how I would show my work. However, as I have learned partially from this class, as well as partially from these readings from Baker, it is not quite so linear showing your work in the digital history branch. It digital history, it is not just the research of online, primary and secondary sources that help fuel your work, it is, as I have learned from Baker, 'abstraction', 'data models' like some of the data maps Baker created from Kent's Directory of London in 1794 and the Post Office Directory in 1808, as well as, as I have learned, lots of code! Baker made tweaks to these digital maps to help him draw conclusions for his piece, and this is where I feel some big contrasts can be made between digital historians and regular historians. There are so many small things digital historians must do when conducting their work. An extra line of code here, and extra graph creation there, to help them reach their conclusions. I can understand how even a digital historian at the highest level could decide to make omissions to some of this work, as all of these tweaks to code, extra graphs, and minor changes here and there could simply clog up their piece and make it boring or unreadable, and I think this is perfectly understandable. Baker made changes to one of his data maps and drew conclusions from it, but did not include these data maps in his book, which I think is a mistake. I think it is just as important for digital historians to show their work as it is for regular historians, but they must be smarter about it. A regular historian looking through websites and novels would possibly get some ideas from pieces he doesn't include in his writing, but they would never make claims and inferences without giving proper reference of where they found such information to make such claims. A digital histortian should do the exact same. It is fair to get ideas from abstractions and data maps, but if any of those influence your points, I believe they would be necessary to include. I agree with Baker's point in the second article where he states that omitting information is central to presenting history as an argument, but if there is information that you either created or procured that somehow influenced the information the you do present to your audience, I think it is just as important to show this work as it is for a regular historian to show their work as well.
