- For this week, I decided it would be interesting to see how far I could get on my own and push myself rather than getting help to finish every step that confused me.
- Only the first step worked for the regex portion, I downloaded anaconda curl fine, but when I used curl to pull the file needed, it never worked, and the .txt file would always be 0 bytes with no text in it. I attempted trying it again with a different file name, redownloading curl, but nothing worked properly for me.
- I also tried simply going to the url and copying the text there, but it would take an hour of highlighting all of the text on that page to get it all.
- In the future getting stuck like this this early I would absolutely ask for help, and push myself to keep going, but I decided to stay with my original goal for just this week, mostly because I am capable of continuing with files given by Dr. Graham for the next portion.
- Open Refine downloading went fine, took me to proper url.
- Asked Dr. Graham for the correspondance.csv file to work on Refine, will work on networks in the meantime.
- Downloaded the graph provided by Dr. Graham to work in ConnectTheDots, however it appears the server is down at the moment.
- I have discovered that doing a small number of names in ConnectTheDots works, but when I try and include all of the data from the file provided, the server crashes.
- I copied a smaller amount of names from the file and pasted them, and that worked fine. I understand it was not exactly what I was meant to do, but I still learned how to do it, as well as how it works with a smaller sample size.
- The gephi steps were easy to follow and was able to create the network graph.
- The rest of the steps were also easy to follow, managed to complete all steps, and have a finished product. The only issue I encountered was the portion where I was told to resize the nodes, by selecting the 'little red diamond'. I did not have this little red diamond, it was a black pallet I believe. This is in gephi 0.9.2 for windows, possibly that is the reason for the difference.
- The OpenRefine Steps were simple enough to follow, However, at step 9 I was shown a loading screen, and then the site crashed. When I tried to refresh it, the site could not be reached. I tried to reach the base part of the website (http://127.0.0.1:3333), and that was not working either. This was quite frustrating, so I will take a break and come back.
- After returning and trying the website again, willing to redo all the steps if needed, the site could still not be reached. This is kind of sad because it was making sense to me and I didn't need to ask for any help.
- So overall, I fully completed one section, mainly completed another section, and could not complete the first section. I feel decent about the progress I made because I stuck with it, but I definitely could have done better. I most likely missed some pretty simple steps that could have helped me avoid issues if I had simply asked, but wanted to see how far I could get on my own one week.
